We hope you're having a good time doing doing discourse on any of your questions.
We are having great fun creating discourse for you.
One of the important things I would want to highlight is the fact that all the code examples that we're
seeing as part of the PDAF are also present inside the good repository.
So if you import the project and play around with it you learn even more.
So for example some of the examples that we looked at during the interface's airplane bird flyable interface
rules and things like that and you can see all the examples that we used in the inheritance as well.
And we discuss inheritance all writing and all loading as well.
And those examples are down here and you can see the inheritance examples that we look at in here as
well also equals hash code and two string examples.
So all the examples that we are to up V.F. talked about are present inside the entire project.
I would really recommend you to do an exercise where you try and see these examples.
Run them understand them and spend some time with them because when you look at it at a high level that's
good.
But the real learning comes when you look at them in that search.
I would really request to you recommend you to spend some time with these examples open the class see
what's in there and try and generate the code yourself and try and see if you can run these programs
try learn more and do post any questions that you have with these examples.
I would recommend you to spend at least half an hour to 45 minutes looking at these examples as an exercise
I would see you in the next step.